I live my life a quarter mile at a time
they not talking old erasing those 10
seconds or less
the dark
chances are sooner or later we're gonna
end up our balls are buried in a ditch
somewhere
lady's dead no need to know for soon
then I'm done with you
I got the best crew in the world
standing right in front of our targets
Owen Shaw for years they've been running
jobs in Europe
for the most recent jobs graduated them
to a whole new level you help us get
ready we'll get you stuff
but we need full pardons all the way
around it's a cold you live by is about
family makes you predictable
you don't turn your back on I can reach
out and break you whenever I want even
when they do
gasps they gotta take we're not dealing
with cops
but drug dealers never seen this before